OUT-OF-TOWN PET
Bo
 Great Pyrenees & Anatolian Shepherd Mix  Portland, OR
Puppy  Male  Large
About
Out-of-town pets are cared for by non-local organizations who can make arrangements for the pet to be transported to your area. Learn More

HOUSE-TRAINED
Yes
HEALTH
Vaccinations up to date, spayed / neutered.
GOOD IN A HOME WITH
Other dogs, cats, children.
Meet Bo
You can fill out an adoption application online on our official website.

Meet Bo!

Bo is a laid-back old soul. He is probably the most relaxed puppy ever! Bo is about 4-5 months old, weighs 45 lbs and is a Pyr/Anatolian mix. He spends a lot of his day sleeping on the couch. Bo has been around kids from babies to teen. He is very gentle with them. Bo is not food or toy aggressive-he is used to his human foster baby playing in his bowl. Bo is good with other dogs and has very good play manners. Bo will counter cruise for snacks if the mood strikes him. He is potty trained and will whine to be let out. He is not leash trained but is working on it in his foster home! Bo occasionally will chew shoes but is not destructive. We have loved fostering Bo. He has been the easiest puppy ever. He would be wonderful for almost any home. Bo is currently in Texas but can be on the next NW transport!

OUR REQUIREMENTS FOR PUPPY ADOPTION:

1) PUPPIES WILL ONLY BE PLACED IN HOMES THAT HAVE AT LEAST ONE MEDIUM TO LARGE YOUTHFUL, PLAYFUL RESIDENT DOG that is age 1 or older. This helps integrate the dog into your household easier by giving the pup a mentor.

2) These puppies are not livestock dogs. They must be family pets that are allowed inside the home.

3) In addition to the youthful playful dog, someone must also be home at least part of the day. Please do not apply for a puppy if you are gone 8+ hours a day.

4) We give preference to applicants with prior Great Pyrenees knowledge/experience.

5) Secure and visible fencing required.

6) You must have a plan in place to socialize your puppy properly.

7) Please do NOT write us and ask if this puppy is available. If it is posted, it is available. However, we may be working other applications that came in before yours. If so, by the time you are approved, the puppy may not be available.

Adoption Fee: $425

All of our dogs are spayed/neutered, microchipped, heartworm tested and up to date on vaccinations.

Transport Fee: $300

Transport fee includes the cost of transport plus the Health Certificate required for USDA approved transport.

All of our dogs are spayed/neutered and up to date on vaccinations.

Adoption applications can be found on our website: www.greatpyrsandpaws.org

https://greatpyrsandpaws.rescuegroups.org/forms/form?formid=5959

Northwest adopter pays cost of transport to independent transport company. Transport is arranged by GPPR.
ASK ABOUT BO
FAVORITE BO
SPONSOR
 SHARE

Great Pyrs and Paws Rescue
Portland, OR

Can be transported to:

Portland, OR
greatpyrsandpaws@gmail.com