Hope
 Great Pyrenees & Golden Retriever Mix  Vancouver, WA
Young  Female  Large
About
HOUSE-TRAINED
Yes
HEALTH
Spayed / neutered.
GOOD IN A HOME WITH
Other dogs, cats, children.
Meet Hope
"Hope has four paws." This lovely Great Pyrenees/Golden Retriever mix is as sweet as they come. She is the definition of a Velcro dog who wants to be by your side at all times. She was born around October 2019, weighs about 78 lbs, and is a smart, loving older pup. Her foster mom says, "She nods her head and prances with excitement when happy." Hope was rescued from a Texas animal shelter as a stray before coming to the Great Pyrenees Rescue Society.

Hope has a submissive demeanor when meeting new dogs. She enjoys playing, running, and barking with them. She can be a little apprehensive when first meeting people, therefore slow greetings are best, and after the initial moments, she is friendly and open to being petted. Hope is potty trained using a pet door and is trustworthy left in the house without worries of her being destructive. She is respectful and does not chew on toys, bones, or any other objects. Hope needs work on her leash training, does not like the crate, but is smart and wants to please you. She is a great companion on car rides.

Hope requires a home with a playful canine companion near her size and fine with cats and children over eight years old. She needs confident leaders in her family who will inspire trust, love, and security in her life. Basic training, socialization, daily walks, and a securely fenced yard for her to run and exercise are necessary for this maturing pup.

Hope has all the qualities to become a loving, loyal family companion, and if you have faith in Hope, fill out an Adoption Application today. She is currently living with her foster family in Washington.

Adoption Fee $300 (Adoption fee includes spay/neuter, heartworm test, rabies, distemper, parvo and health certificate for travel)

Northwest adopters pay the cost of transport to independent transport service ($200).

Adoption applications can be found on our website at https://www.greatpyreneesrescuesociety.org

ADOPTION, FOSTERING, AND DONATIONS are just some of the ways you can help a rescued dog. We have worked hard to cultivate a large network of volunteers to save this majestic breed. While monetary donations are always much appreciated, you can also help by donating your time as a GPRS foster or volunteer!
ASK ABOUT HOPE
FAVORITE HOPE
SPONSOR
 SHARE

Great Pyrenees Rescue Society
Vancouver, WA

Location Address

Vancouver, WA
info@greatpyreneesrescuesociety.org