Major Dundee
 Horse  Thoroughbred  Surrey, BC
Young  Male  Large
About
HEALTH
Vaccinations up to date.
Meet Major Dundee
Sex: Gelding
Color: Chestnut
Foaled: 2010
Height: 16.2 hh
Breeding: Sire: Finality; Dam : Windy Breeze by Ore Grade

Major is friendly, sensitive, has good manners and is a people pleaser. He is horse with energy which when worked with and channeled results in positive behavior. Major will suit a confident rider with a kind hand as he has a very soft mouth. He stands well for the farrier and is good for grooming and picking out feet. Major ground ties quite well. He is being ridden in the arena at walk, trot and canter, english or western and enjoys outings on the trail. His steering and whoa and transitions are progressing nicely and he's starting to learn to lengthen his stride. Under saddle, Major has natural balance and is quite athletic. He enjoys people contact and is always checking pockets, hopeful for a snack.. He looks forward to his training sessions and is a bit of a mooch. Major is a horse that catches peoples eye. Due to a racing injury he will not be suitable for a jumping home, however he is up for pretty much anything else.
We pride ourselves in finding loving homes for our equine partners. As a part of the process, we require all prospective adopters to view their potential horse in-person. We look forward to hearing from you.

For more information, please visit: http://www.newstride.com/major-dundee.html


About New Stride Thoroughbred Adoption Society:

New Stride is a registered charity dedicated to finding adoptive homes and alternative careers for Thoroughbred racehorses no longer able to compete. The charity was founded at Hastings Racecourse in 2002 by a group of concerned owners, breeders and backstretch workers who sought to provide opportunities for a dignified retirement for as many Thoroughbreds as possible.

During its existence New Stride has placed over 140 Thoroughbreds into adoptive homes and assisted many owners and trainers in connecting horses coming off the track with opportunities for new careers and homes. The organization also offers assistance to Thoroughbred owners outside the racing community in the form of information, advice and free advertising of horses for sale on its website.
ASK ABOUT MAJOR DUNDEE
FAVORITE MAJOR DUNDEE
SPONSOR
 SHARE

New Stride Thoroughbred Adoption Society
Surrey, BC
Location Address

Surrey, BC
info@newstride.com
778-985-5673