OUT-OF-TOWN PET
Mango
 Mixed Breed  portland, OR
Adult  Female  Medium  Bicolor
About
Out-of-town pets are cared for by non-local organizations who can make arrangements for the pet to be transported to your area. Learn More

COAT LENGTH
Short
HOUSE-TRAINED
Yes
HEALTH
Vaccinations up to date, spayed / neutered.
GOOD IN A HOME WITH
Other dogs, cats, children.
ADOPTION FEE
$450.00
Meet Mango
Meet Mango! This sweetheart was dumped about 10 miles outside of town and wandered up to a house of someone who knew to call us!

Mango is very sweet and is currently living in a foster home. She is great with kids, other dogs, cats, and is working on housetraining. She is not good with chickens and livestock, however.

Mango loves to lounge on the couch (see her pictures), is great in her kennel or in her foster's bed overnight, and is learning to walk on a leash. She is going to be a wonderful addition to someone's home! She would be a good apartment dog (after she learns to use stairs of course), but is still going to need some basic training in the way of what is and isn't appropriate to chew on, understanding that just because she "can" doesn't mean she "should" when it comes to reaching things on the counter or the table, etc. She is around 2-3 years old and petite at just around 40 pounds. She definitely "looks" like a rottie mix, and could have some in her lineage, but she is very small compared to a rottie so we're guessing more of a hound/retriever/Heinz 57 mix.

This girl is just full of love and affection and hopefully will find a great home very soon!


Mango's adoption fee is $450 which includes her spay, current vaccinations, negative heartworm test, registered microchip, and transport costs.

She is available through Paw Pals of Hale Center in Hale Center, TX through Project Freedom Ride. She would be transported on one of the PFR transports (next available transport is Feb 18) to either SLC, UT, Meridian, ID, Seattle, WA, Mt Vernon, WA, or Portland, OR (Portland dropoff is actually in Oregon City, OR). For more information on how a Direct Adoption with Project Freedom Ride works or to meet this girl via video call, email pawpalshc@gmail.com.



As a Project Freedom Ride direct adoption, the adoption interview/meet and greet would take place on video call (FB Messenger Call, Whats App, or Google Duo). The adoption application and fee would be finalized prior to transport.

Adoption application can be accessed at the link below.

https://form.jotform.com/83483621192155


Check out Project Freedom Ride and see what this amazing group is all about!
https://www.facebook.com/ProjectFreedomRide/

http://projectfreedomride.org/


ASK ABOUT MANGO
FAVORITE MANGO
SPONSOR
 SHARE

PAW Pals of Hale Center
portland, OR

Can be transported to:

portland, OR
pawpalshc@gmail.com
(806) 367-0695
