Winter (SPECIAL NEEDS)
You have to come down to Newberg Animal Shelter to adopt any dog or cat. We have to make sure that all of our animals make it into the right home, you understand. This site is only informational and you’ll still need to make the trip to our shelter if you would like to adopt one our animals. We thank you for understanding and so do our animals.  

Breed/Mix: Domestic Short Hair
Age: 2 years 7 months
Sex: Female
Weight: 10 lbs
Good with Dogs: Unknown
Good with Cats: Unknown
Good with Kids: Unknown
House Trained: Yes
Important Info: FeLV+
Adoption Fee: $0.00
Winter is a really sweet friend to have.  She is very social with people and can “carry on a conversion” with her meows!  Strong and independent she will spend her time exploring, stocking her toys, or sleeping the day away in a sunny window. She is extremely playful with string toys and especially loves it when you make them mimic real prey!  If you are looking for a bright eyed, intelligent friend to hang with she’s the cat for you!

Winter is an FeLV positive cat that will need to be indoor only with no other cats or cats that have FeLV. 

If you are interested in meeting me, please email Newberg Animal Shelter at newberganimals@gmail.com with a completed Adoption Application. We will contact applicants to schedule a meet and greet.

We focus on finding the best match for adoptable animals and are not first-come first-served.

With the current concerns about COVID-19, Newberg Animal Shelter will be adjusting procedures and protocols for the protection of customers and staff.

We are open for adoptions by appointment only.  This will allow staff to sanitize between each customer.

Due to limited staffing, limited appointments, and the high volume of applications we are receiving right now, we may not be able to schedule appointments for all applicants.

Please submit an application via email or fax including the names of all of the dogs you are interested in meeting.

Keep an eye on the website.  If the dogs you have applied for are no longer available, they have been adopted by another applicant.  If you see another dog you are interested in meeting, please submit a new application.

Thank you for your patience.
We are located at:
1591 S Sandoz Rd
Newberg, OR 97132

Some maps will route you to 1591 S Avalon Park, it is the same location.

If you have another dog in the home, we require you, your family members, and your existing dog(s) to come and meet the dog at the shelter.

The adoption fee includes spay/neuter, ID microchip, and current vaccinations. They have been wormed, de-flead, socialized and given lots of love.

Our contact information: (503) 554-9285
or email:
newberganimals@gmail.com

Please feel free to call or email with your questions about any of the adoptable animals or our adoption process.

Adoption Hours: Wednesday-Saturday, 11am-6pm