Tigger
 Mixed Breed  Portland, OR
Adult  Male  Medium  Brindle, Brown / Chocolate, White / Cream
About
COAT LENGTH
Medium
HOUSE-TRAINED
Yes
HEALTH
Vaccinations up to date, spayed / neutered.
GOOD IN A HOME WITH
Other dogs, cats, children.
Meet Tigger
Tigger is an extremely sweet Tripod! He loves to be pet and wants nothing more to be curled up next to you on the couch or at your feet! Though he does enjoy playing, having only three legs causes him to tire quickly. He is great with other dogs AND cats! He loves to play in the yard with my dog and does his best to keep up.

He has done amazing with a 10 year old in his foster home. He does get excited and tries to jump up on people but because he only has 3 legs, it is difficult for him and he will
accidentally "plow" into you instead. This could cause smaller children or the elderly to fall over.

Tigger would do best in a home with minimal stairs. He struggles in the morning with the 6 stairs leading to and from my house. After he "warms up" he does pretty well with them.
I have hardwood floors in my home and these cause him to slip and fall due to not being able to get the traction that he needs, so a home with carpet or lots of rugs would be his best bet!

He does appear to have a food allergy that has seemed to clear up once he was switched to grain free food. He scarfs his food pretty quickly and will seek out more once he finishes his bowl. I have had to feed him separately from my dog because of this reason. He does not appear to be food aggressive, however, just pushy.

Tigger is completely house trained and kennel trained! He was not a fan of his kennel at first and would try to run when it was time to go in but has since learned that it is his "safe space" and will go in freely without a fuss. I often find him napping in his kennel with the door open.

Other facts about Tigger:
He is a barker! He will bark and anything and everything!
He will chew on anything so it is important to make sure that he has plenty of chew toys available and watch him while he is out of his kennel until you are comfortable leaving him unattended.
He is scared to jump off of furniture by himself! He will typically do it with some encouragement though.
It would probably benefit him down the road if he were started on a joint supplement as soon as possible. He puts a lot of strain on the single front leg.
Keep an eye on his weight! If he becomes overweight, it could cause some serious joint damage.

Tigger will be leaving Texas and heading to the PNW soon and hopes to have his new family awaiting his arrival. He is neutered, microchipped, fully vaccinated and will receive a veterinary health certificate prior to travel to the PNW.

Message us to request an application to adopt Tigger!

SPCA of Brazoria County, Portland, OR michelledelane1@gmail.com