Negrita
 Black Labrador Retriever & Australian Shepherd Mix  Beaverton, OR
Young  Female  Medium  Black
About
COAT LENGTH
Short
HEALTH
Vaccinations up to date, spayed / neutered, special needs. Negrita can’t feel her back feet. She can walk but it’s best for her to walk on grass or in a wheelchair when on pavement. She does not have complete control of her bladder or bowel so she needs to be expressed 3-4 times per day. She is easy to express. Negrita can manage one or two stairs on a porch or deck but should live in a home without stairs (ranch style).
GOOD IN A HOME WITH
Other dogs, cats, children, other animals. Chickens.
ADOPTION FEE
$300.00
Meet Negrita
Meet Negrita!

ATTENTION: PLEASE READ THROUGH TO SEE WHETHER YOU MEET OUR ADOPTION CRITERIA BEFORE RESPONDING. IF YOU MEET OUR CRITERIA FOR ADOPTION OF THIS DOG, PLEASE FOLLOW THE LINK TOWARD THE BOTTOM OF THE PROFILE TO COMPLETE OUR ONLINE APPLICATION. THANK YOU!

Negrita was living as a street dog in Mexico. She was hit by a car that fractured her spine when she was about one year old. At that time, she was completely paralyzed and dragging herself around on the streets (see pic). Luckily, a kind person rescued her from a life on the streets. She was extremely thin and fearful. The woman knew there was very little chance of finding her a home in Mexico so she searched for a rescue in the US to take her. That’s where we stepped in.

Negrita was extremely underweight when she arrived in Oregon. Her hind legs were very atrophied. We started physical therapy and within the first month, she gained weight and was able to get up on her rear legs and walk. She can’t feel her feet, and she walks with them rolled over, but she can walk, and she wants to walk, even though it’s not normal walking. She was eventually even able to run in the grass. So awesome!!

Negrita doesn’t have complete bladder or bowel control, but we don’t put her in a diaper. She needs to be expressed 3-4 times a day to go potty. She needs someone who is committed to this routine. If she is routinely expressed she does not have any “accidents”.

Negrita does fine with other dogs as long as they don’t jump on her. She is understandably worried about that when she meets a new dog. She loves having a calm dog companion.

Negrita is sweet and loving with all people. She loves attention and greets her humans with an adorable “woo woo woo”. She is now approximately two years old.

Negrita can manage one or two stairs off a porch or deck but should live in a single-story home such as ranch style. She would not be able to manage a two story home.


Adoption Process: We are not first come first served. Indigo Rescue focuses on finding good matches between dogs and families to ensure life long adoptions. We deliver all dogs to their new homes. All of our dogs are in foster homes.

If you’re interested in meeting one of our dogs, please use the following link and complete our Adoption Application. You can either scan your completed application and email it to us at: info@indigorescue.org, or you can fax it to us at: 888-502-7660.
The link is not live, so you will need to copy and paste it into your browser: https://storage.googleapis.com/gator-users/user-680788/documents/d1742bff02e44c2ea25649cb45df5103/Pet%20Application%20Form%20December%202020.pdf
If the dog you're interested in seems compatible with your lifestyle we'll set up a time for you to meet the dog privately.
PLEASE NOTE: Indigo Rescue only adopts to homes within 30 miles of Beaverton because our volunteers deliver all of our dogs to their adoptive homes. We work very hard to create a family of our Indigo Rescue adopters because we want to be close enough to help in case there are any problems. We want everyone to be happy and successful!

**ALL of our dogs, puppies, cats, kittens and rabbits come vaccined to their age, spayed/neutered and microchipped.

Thank you for your interest in adopting and saving a life.
ASK ABOUT NEGRITA
FAVORITE NEGRITA
SPONSOR
 SHARE

Indigo Rescue
Beaverton, OR

Location Address

PO Box 554
Beaverton, OR 97005
Get directions
heather@indigorescue.org