Erwin
 Domestic Short Hair Mix  Sherwood, OR
Young  Male  Medium
About
HEALTH
Vaccinations up to date, spayed / neutered.
Meet Erwin
**Curious- Handsome- Independent**

Erwin is a shy guy. He is in foster working on his social skills!

This gorgeous boy is looking for a loving home with kitty companions and patient humans who are willing to keep working with him on his social skills. Erwin is learning to accept human touch and although he may initially greet you with a gentle hiss, in no time he'll be eating treats from your hand and relaxing while you gently rub his head and ears. An enthusiastic eater, he has been introduced to the joys of savoring his food using puzzle toys and hunting games, and would love an adopter who will help him maintain a healthy weight. He isn't particular about the type of litter he uses, but strongly prefers to have two litter boxes available. Erwin's favorite activities with humans include eating treats, chasing toys, and being brushed. He doesn't quite understand the appeal of lap time, but is starting to enjoy lounging on his cardboard scratcher and playing with catnip toys while his person is in the room. With a little time and some continued encouragement this sweet, shy boy can blossom into a confident feline companion!

Erwin's adoption fee is $125

To facilitate contactless adoptions, an $8 fee to cover the cost of a cardboard carrier is applied to all adoption fees. This cat is currently in foster care in NW Portland (Pearl). No-contact adoption pick-ups will happen from the foster parent's residence. To apply to adopt this cat, use CAT's website: catadoptionteam.org/adopt.

For more information on Cat Adoption Team's pricing and policies please go to catadoptionteam.org. DE 1/18/21




Primary Color: Grey Tabby Weight: 9.6lbs Age: 0yrs 8mths 2wks Animal has been Neutered
ASK ABOUT ERWIN
FAVORITE ERWIN
SPONSOR
 SHARE

Cat Adoption Team
Sherwood, OR

Location Address

14175 SW Galbreath Drive
Sherwood, OR 97140
Get directions
contactus@catadoptionteam.org
(503) 925-8903