OUT-OF-TOWN PET
Deuce
 Pit Bull Terrier & Boxer Mix  portland, OR
Puppy  Male  Medium  Yellow / Tan / Blond / Fawn
About
Out-of-town pets are cared for by non-local organizations who can make arrangements for the pet to be transported to your area. Learn More

COAT LENGTH
Short
HEALTH
Vaccinations up to date, spayed / neutered.
GOOD IN A HOME WITH
Other dogs, cats, children.
ADOPTION FEE
$450.00
Meet Deuce
Meet Deuce! Deuce and his 2 littermates were found in an alley, having been dumped off in a box. Thankfully one of our volunteers happened down that very alley and found them. They were in very rough shape and it was touch and go for a couple days. But, they are now doing phenomenal and are looking for forever homes!

Deuce is about 9 weeks old as of Jan 10. He is currently about 6 pounds. But, he will more than likely be a 50-60 pound dog when he grows up. He's the little one of the bunch, so he's just playing catch up! Watch out brother and sister, one of these days he'll be just as big as y'all! Deuce is working on kennel training. He has been around other dogs, kiddos, and cats. At this age he's just happy to have a buddy, be it canine, feline, or human!

Deuce hasn't started leash training yet. We will be starting that in the next few weeks. He's had 2 rounds of puppy vaccinations so far and will have all 4 by the March transport.

He's a typical, spunky puppy who is eager to play and get all the attention he can muster!


Deuce's adoption fee is $450 which includes his neuter, current vaccinations, registered microchip, and transport costs.

He is available through Paw Pals of Hale Center in Hale Center, TX through Project Freedom Ride. He would be transported on one of the PFR transports (due to his age, he would need to come on the March 4 transport) to either Meridian ID, SLC, UT, Seattle, WA, Mt Vernon, WA, or Portland, OR. For more information on how a Direct Adoption with Project Freedom Ride works or to meet this guy via video call, email pawpalshc@gmail.com.



As a Project Freedom Ride direct adoption, the adoption interview/meet and greet would take place on video call (FB Messenger Call, Whats App, or Google Duo). The adoption application and fee would be finalized prior to transport.

Adoption application can be accessed at the link below.

https://form.jotform.com/83483621192155


Check out Project Freedom Ride and see what this amazing group is all about!
https://www.facebook.com/ProjectFreedomRide/

http://projectfreedomride.org/


ASK ABOUT DEUCE
FAVORITE DEUCE
SPONSOR
 SHARE

PAW Pals of Hale Center
portland, OR

Can be transported to:

portland, OR
pawpalshc@gmail.com
(806) 367-0695