OUT-OF-TOWN PET
Aliana
 Pit Bull Terrier Mix  Portland, OR
Adult  Female  Medium
About
Out-of-town pets are cared for by non-local organizations who can make arrangements for the pet to be transported to your area. Learn More

HOUSE-TRAINED
Yes
HEALTH
Vaccinations up to date, spayed / neutered, special needs. Aliana was heartworm positive but has competed treatment. This is NOT contagious. She will need to take a monthly heartworm prevention pill.
GOOD IN A HOME WITH
Other dogs, cats, children.
ADOPTION FEE
$400.00
Meet Aliana
***Please DO NOT send us inquiries/emails asking if this dog is still available. If a dog/puppy is still listed on Petfinder- we are still accepting applications for them**

Aliana is in Houston Texas but can transport to the PNW second week of January.

Aliana, Female, 3 years old, pitbull mix.
Aliana is a VERY sweet young girl that loves to play. She adores toys of all types and will go through her toy box and play with each one in it's turn, throwing them around and just being a big old goof. She likes all other dogs and has never shown any aggression towards them or people. She is high energy at times though and can be a bit overzealous in play so I wouldn't recommend her in a home with only older dogs or dogs that are very standoffish. She sometimes had a hard time taking the hint that they don't want to play right then. Lol. She also does well with cats but sometimes has the same issue there. So long as the cats have somewhere to get away and are dog savvy, she should have no problem in a home with cats. Again, she has never shown any aggression with them. She just wants to play! Until she knows better, you may need to correct her a few times or you will find her play bowing and barking at a hissing little friend.
Aliana does fantastically in her crate and really loves having one available. She sees it as her safe space and will go in on her own to rest. She also goes in the crate when asked with little to no prompting usually. She has shown no food aggression towards people but doesn't appreciate dogs or cats coming near her food so she sometimes will bark or run at the cats if they come near her cage while she has food in there. She tends to graze on her food at times so she may need to be only fed in the crate or transitioned to meal feeding by picking it up when she is done. She isn't huge on treats but loves her snuffle mat, kongs, lick-i-mats, cheese, peanut butter, and fresh pet food as treats. She will do anything for fresh pet and is rather smart although her basic obedience training has taken a bit of a set back during her heartworm treatment.
Aliana loves all people and everyone is a friend. She can be a little nervous when some people come in the house, mainly men, but does well with them outside of her home and settles down with them in her home after a few minutes. Once she realizes you will pet her, you are her best friend for life! Aliana is not allowed on the furniture here and does well with it 90% of the time but would also love to sit on the couch with you or sleep in bed with you if you want. Currently she stays in the crate whenever I am outside the home or asleep. She is mostly quiet and just sleeps unless she has food and someone comes a little too close. This is also something that I have seen getting better as she has finished her heartworm treatment and she has been able to get out more energy. She is just a young baby with lots of play in her and for a while, no ability to get it out! When left out, she has torn up a couple of paper towels, empty water bottles, or her own toys but this is a rare occasion when one falls on the floor or the naughty cats kick it into her space. All in all, she does very well out and about and is not destructive or overly crazy. She likes to run around outside but would prefer that you be there. If she is outside alone, she will usually just do her business and come back to bark or sit quietly at the door. She has never tried to dig or jump the fence but if there is some animal to chase and a big enough space for her to escape, she will go for it. She doesn't want to leave you but the thought of playing with the racoon/armadillo/squirrel/etc. is too enticing. She lunges through entry ways on her leash but does very well on the leash for the rest of our walks. She just dashes through the door and then settles down. She has a fantastic recall in the yard but out in the open, the world is too exciting and while she won't wander too far, she also won't come back. So far she doesn't appear to be startled by much and does well with storms and fireworks. She does still have a small bit of general anxiety she is working through so she tends to pace a lot, especially if she doesn't have her crate to retreat to but that is all it amounts to. When she does settle, she loves to lay on her back with her cute ears out and her feet spread all over. Between that and the adorable way she plays with toys, she is sure to brighten up any home and provide lots of love and laughs! All in all, Aliana is a very sweet girl who plays hard and sleeps hard and loves her world and everything in it!
Due to her high energy we recommend a home with kids 8 and older

***Listed BREED and AGE - We are taking our best guess on age, breed and size when fully grown. We rarely know a dog's exact age nor are we able to tell the true or full breed mix of dogs as our information is limited most of the time.

The first step in our process is filling out an application. We will review your application as soon as we are able- there are two of us and we do the best that we can. We review applications on a first come first serve basis and look for the best fit/match for dog and applicant.

https://heartoftheunderdog.org/adoption-application
ASK ABOUT ALIANA
FAVORITE ALIANA
SPONSOR
 SHARE

Heart of the Underdog
Portland, OR

Can be transported to:

Portland, OR
heartoftheunderdog.rescue@gmail.com