Langston
 Domestic Medium Hair  Portland, OR
Adult  Male  Medium  Tabby (Brown / Chocolate), White
About
COAT LENGTH
Medium
HOUSE-TRAINED
Yes
HEALTH
Vaccinations up to date, spayed / neutered.
PREFERS A HOME WITHOUT
Dogs, children.
Meet Langston

You can find out more about me and Animal Aid's adoption process at www.animalaidpdx.org .


The Basics: My name is Langston, and I'm a poet at heart?—reserved and shy, but very much interested in love. I'm very gentle, and once I trust you, I will purr and nuzzle my head into your hand. I can be extremely shy at first. I will start off hidden in a safe cave-like place, and you have to come to me.  Once I trust you though I am great company. I'm treat motivated and I don't shed much. I can be nippy but it's part of how I communicate what I want; I don't bite hard. I was a stray from the county shelter, so there isn't much known about my past; I am a man of mystery.

My heart is big, figuratively and literally: I have a mildly enlarged heart that causes a heart murmur. The veterinary cardiologist said I don't need medication at this time, but I should have a specialist recheck in December to see if it is better or worse. I have a nose that looks swollen compared to most cats, but it's not an issue and I had an x-ray to rule out any kind of sinus issue or growth. I also had some tiny teeth removed during a dental, and my other teeth are nice and clean now.

Likes: I really like to feel safe. I love chin and cheek scratches, and I might even drool a little if I am very happy. It's unclear how I feel about other cats. I loves snuggles, to be brushed, play, and I will chirp to communicate. My favorite prey is toy mice!

Dislikes: Small children and dogs would likely be too scary for me.

Looking for: A home that really knows how to help a shy, sensitive cat feel safe. I also need someone who is ready to take on a cat who may have a heart condition that needs medication or management in the future.

My estimated birth date is 5/1/2018.

*All cats at Animal Aid have been spayed/neutered, tested negative for FIV and Felv, microchipped, and are up to date on core vaccines.


Please note: due to our screening preference to view the potential home and interview the prospective guardian, we rarely adopt out of our local Portland metro area.
ASK ABOUT LANGSTON
FAVORITE LANGSTON
SPONSOR
 SHARE

Animal Aid Inc.
Portland, OR

Location Address

5335 SW 42nd
Portland, OR 97221
Get directions
adopt-cat@animalaidpdx.org
503-292-6628